Converting client to proxy (a.k.a. simplified proxy onboarding) (#3936)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/installation-and-upgrade/pages/container-deployment/mlm/proxy-conversion-from-client-mlm.adoc

[[proxy-conversion-from-client-mlm]]
= Proxy conversion from client

== Introduction

> This chapter describes a new way in which {productname} proxy can be registered with {productname} server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This chapter describes how {productname} proxy can be registered with {productname} server.
```

> It is simpler, more user-friendly, and less error-prone.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
This is technical documentation, not marketing paper.

The main principle consists of using a functionality within {webui} which converts an already onboarded client to a proxy.

The client which is a candidate for conversion to proxy must adhere to the following pre-requisites:

> * it must alredy be onboarded

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* it must already be onboarded
```

* it is reachable
* it has access to client tools 

ifeval::[{mlm-content} == true]
* it is a transactional system
endif::[]

== Convert the client to {productname} Proxy

The process of conversion is done entirely from the {webui} for already registered clients. 
For more information about client onboarding, see xref:client-configuration:registration-overview.adoc[].

The following two procedures describe the client conversion to a proxy.
Either procedure can be used, and will achieve the same outcome.

.Procedure: Converting client to {productname} Proxy using dedicated button
. For the client chosen to be converted to proxy, go to its [literal]``Overview`` page.

> . Click button btn:[Convert to Proxy].
> . Wait for the conversion to complete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click button btn:[Convert to Proxy], and wait for the conversion to complete.
```
